Information security, sometimes shortened to InfoSec, is the practice1

Sometimes referred to as computer security, information technology security (IT security) is information

security applied to technology (most often some form of computer system). It is worthwhile to note that a compute

r does not necessarily mean a home desktop. A computer is any device with a processor and some memory. Such devices can ran

ge from non-networked standalone devices as simple as calculators, to networked mobile computing devic

es such as smartphones and tablet computers. IT security specialists are almost always found in any major enterprise/

establishment due to the nature and value of the data within larger businesses. They are responsible for keepi

ng all of the technology within the company secure from malicious cyber attacks that often atte

The act of providing trust of the information, that the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability

(CIA) of the information are not violated, e.g. ensuring that data is not lost when critical issues aris

e. These issues include, but are not limited to: natural disasters, computer/server malfunction o

r physical theft. Since most information is stored on computers in our modern era, information assurance is typica

lly dealt with by IT security specialists. A common method of providing information assurance is1

Capture the flag (CTF) is a traditional outdoor game where two teams each have a flag (or other mar

ker) and the objective is to capture the other team's flag, located at the team's "base," and bring it safely back t

o their own base. Enemy players can be "tagged" by players in their home territory; these players are

then, depending on the agreed rules, out of the game, members of the opposite team, sent back to their own territo

Capture the Flag requires a playing field of some sort. Whether indoor or outdoor, the field is

divided into two clearly designated halves, known as territories. Players form two teams, one for e

ach territory. Each side has a "flag" which is most often a piece of fabric, but can be any object small enough

to be easily carried by a person (night time games might use flashlights, glowsticks or lanterns as the "flags"). It1

is also suggested that teams wear dark colors at night to make it more difficult for their opponents to see th

em. If one team has the opposing team's flag on their territory they may be tagged because they have the opposing te

am's flag. Do not read this text. This does not help you in solving the task. I'm not trying to fool you, it's real.Good Luck


